```text **Sarah (Left Side)** **Mark (Right Side)** **Fri, Dec 20 - Time unclear, continued from Page 261** Sarah: I update you when things change. It’s called life Mark: Sarah, I’ve been around you long enough to know when you’re bull shitting me. Mark: You’re not a good liar. Sarah: What are you accusing me of? Mark: Why all this texting? You know, it’s not good for context right? Do you know that! Sarah: You think I’m dating someone don’t you? Mark: I don’t know anything because you’re so sneaky. Sarah: I don’t need to be sneaky. You just bother me a lot and I’m trying to make you stop. Why can’t we just be friend since we have kids? Sarah: We shouldn’t be enemies Mark: Do you not remember anything we talked about? Sarah: I gave up that once you started in me yesterday. If you act like this now, you’ll just be worse if we were together Mark: Why don’t you just call me? Texting is so annoying because you don’t get what I’m saying most of the time. Sarah: Calling me a liar and sneaky isn’t how you make things better Mark: Can you call me? Sarah: That’s the thing. I feel like I’m giving in if I do. That’s why I don’t. We will talk once I get the kids home. Fair enough? I just need to stop at the hardware store again. I need to return the stuff I bought that won’t work. I’m poor and each piece was a dollar and I have 16 of them. Mark: Okay, I understand. Sarah: Cool. Talk to then. Mark: Remember wink tv? Sarah: No, I don’t remember Mark: Fort Myers? Sarah: Oh yeah, now I do Mark: You guys almost home? Sarah: Yes. I’m home. I’m on the phone with my dad. Give me a couple minutes. Mark: K Sarah: [file] **Sat, Dec 21 at 11:08 AM** Mark: Hey. **Sat, Dec 21 at 1:10 PM** Mark: [file] Mark: [file] **Sun, Dec 22 at 4:04 PM** Mark: How’s everything going? Mark: Hey Sarah: Good at the mall Mark: How’s it going… Mark: [file] Mark: Aww Mark: Awesome. **Sun, Dec 22 at 6:20 PM** Mark: Can you take a picture of both of them? Sarah: [file] Sarah: [file] Mark: Thank you Mark: Cute **Sun, Dec 22 at 11:17 PM** Mark: Everything okay? **Mon, Dec 23 at 12:21 AM** Mark: Thanks for doing everything you can for our guys. I’m sorry about not being there for you, and them. I feel horrible. I wish I could change so many things. Call me in the morning please. **Mon, Dec 23 at 11:01 AM** Mark: Hey Sarah: [file] Sarah: [file] Sarah: These two are not so good at getting a picture taken together. They wouldn’t look at the camera when they were supposed to. They are large enough to put in individual frames. Mark: I know Mark: What are you guys doing? Mark: I would like to say hi. Mark: Hello? Are you there? Mark: They look weird **Mon, Dec 23 at 12:46 PM** Sarah: [file] Sarah: [file] Sarah: [file] Sarah: [file] **Mon, Dec 23 at 9:11 PM** Mark: Hey. Sarah: I’m wrapping gifts. Super busy. Taking inventory. Bought Leo same gift twice. I need to get a little more tomorrow so I’m happy they have enough. **Tue, Dec 24 at 2:44 PM** Mark: Can you get that iPad so I can fix it? Sarah: Sure. Sarah: I got an Apple watch ⌚ a 10:30 am appointment tomorrow for my teeth fitting Mark: Christmas Day? Mark: Congrats on the teeth and watch? Your appointment is tomorrow? Why did you just lie to me? Sarah: No, Thursday sorry Sarah: Didn’t lie. Jeeze Sarah: [file] Sarah: Tired of being called a liar **Tue, Dec 24 at 6:35 PM** Sarah: On the road Mark: It’s my sister and I Sarah: I’m driving to moms Mark: Can I talk to Leo Mark: Call me please. **Tue, Dec 24 at 9:02 PM** Mark: Remember, can you call me? **Tue, Dec 24 at 10:07 PM** Mark: Hello? **Wed, Dec 25 at 12:19 PM** Mark: Hello? Sarah: Super busy. Kids woke me up at 2:00am. Had to convince them to go back to bed. Took 2 hours. Now I’m taking a nap. Will meet kids at moms and have them call you then. Kids are having fun Mark: Where are you? Robert’t make me miss Christmas morning, it’s already late. You didn’t call, you didn’t call last night. Hurry the hell up. Mark: Not cool Sarah Mark: It’s noon, call me asap Sarah: Sorry, not yet Sarah: Christmas started at 2 am Mark: wtf are you talking about? I want to talk to my boys. Like right now. Mark: I’m sick of your bullshit excuses, we all know something is up, you’re being sneaky again. Dude, we’re all here going, she doesn’t know how to put the phone near Leo’s ear. Nothing you’re saying makes any sense or matters. Mark: HELLO! Sarah: I hate when you act like this Mark: I hate when you lie to me, you told me you would call last night. You didn’t, now, you’re lying more. Have Leo and Carter call me right now. The whole family wants to talk to them. Are you at your mom’s? Sarah: Back to the old jeff I see Mark: Give my boys the phone. What is the problem. Sarah: I’m driving right now. Sarah: Go away Sarah: I already told you I’ll call when I get to Chandler. 3:00 or so. Mark: No you did not, where are you and where are My kids? Mark: We are calling the police. Sarah: I knew you would do this. We’re going to try to get a hold of Diane and Gary, or Chloe or Tyler. You’ve goon too far. Sarah: I’ll never answer again then. Bye Mark: I knew you were lying to me, where are the kids? You are scary, we are extremely worried about the kids. Sarah: I’m not coming to Michigan now. You just pissed me off **Wed, Dec 25 at 3:38 PM** Mark: You’re an asshole **Wed, Dec 25 at 5:38 PM** Mark: Where are the kids, can we please stop with your stupid lies. **Fri, Dec 27 at 10:14 AM** Mark: Hey **Fri, Dec 27 at 12:45 PM** Mark: Hello? **Fri, Dec 27 at 4:01 PM** Mark: Sarah, what the hell? Sarah: Robert’t act like nothing happened. I’m done talking to you. You are a horrible person and a terrible father. All you do is hurt people. Mark: You were supposed to call first thing, you promised you would make them available. You ignored me Christmas Eve, and then ghosted me Christmas Day. You did that. Just like last year. Sarah: Only you would turn this around and blame me. Your family apologized for you. They don’t know what to do with you. Get help. **Sat, Dec 28 at 12:43 PM** Mark: I don’t know why? **Sat, Dec 28 at 3:45 PM** Mark: Why did you lie to my family? You need to call me asap. Mark: I want to talk to my kids now. Call me. Not kidding…Call me. **Mon, Dec 30 at 9:31 PM** Mark: Hey, I think enough is enough at this point. I gave you some space. Now you haven’t responded in days. I need to talk to my boys. Let’s talk tomorrow. I have a doctors appointment in the morning. I’ll call after. **Tue, Dec 31 at 10:43 AM** Mark: I need you to call me please. I need to talk to you and my kids. Sarah: Why? You fucked up another Christmas. And you deny it and lie. What is the point? Mark: No answer? Sarah: I didn’t do anything, you weren’t responding. I have an appointment in 5 minutes. I’ll call you after. Mark: Ok. Sounds good **Tue, Dec 31 at 2:06 PM** Mark: Tell me please when I can talk to you guys. **Tue, Dec 31 at 4:30 PM** Mark: ? Sarah: I’m busy right now. I’m getting Leo’s gift off of Offer Up. Mark: You’re always busy, you always have a reason. Mark: I’m not sure what you’re doing. But it’s not good. Sarah: You should hear yourself. Of course I’m busy. I’m not sitting home all day. I have things to do. What’s the problem with that? Mark: You can put me down all you want. I just want to talk to my son. You always have a reason. What will be your reason this time? Why will you not let me talk to him this time? You sure act confident. Sarah: I didn’t put anyone down. Sarah: I’m getting Leo a gift for his birthday. It’s important. Mark: Keep doing this to me. What will be your reason this time? Why will you not let me talk to him? Are you going to keep him from talking to him on his birthday. I’m sure you’ll try. Sarah: You just said the same thing twice Mark: Dude, what are you doing? Why all the lies and bullshit? Sarah: Dude? You are just spinning a narrative. You say random words Mark: What’s the narrative Sarah? Sarah: I hope you have a good new years btw. I’m gonna go get Leo’s telescope he got for Christmas and take him to look for stars. Isn’t that great? I can’t wait to see how it goes. Mark: Great. When can I talk to Leo Mark: I’ll be home alone. Sarah: Why Sarah: Go somewhere Mark: Who cares why, I just want to talk to Leo for his birthday. **Tue, Dec 31 at 10:01 PM** Mark: Is Leo up? Mark: I’m sure you’re not going to let me say happy new year. What’s your excuse this time? Aren’t you worried I will call the police? That is the excuse you used for Christmas. You’re doing this on purpose, and the question is why? Are my kids safe? I have no idea what you’re doing. I don’t know they are okay. I’m highly considering going to the authorities. This is wrong, you did this last year. And you’re doing it again exactly one year later. Mark: Hello? I want to say happy birthday to him. What’s your excuse this time? You were busy earlier, you haven’t had any time? Hello? What are you doing? Sarah: Leo’s birthday is tomorrow. He called Rachel a little while ago. We aren’t doing his party until tomorrow. You can wish him a happy birthday. You are always accusing me of stuff I never do. Mark: Rachel is his aunt. I’m his dad. Did you call after I asked you to call? What are you doing here? Mark: Why did you call her before me? Sarah: Leo asked me to. Mark: So what are you saying. He doesn’t want to talk to me? You’re the gatekeeper, you have the phone. You decide who he talks to. I asked you if I could talk to him earlier. You said you were busy. You then called Rachel? Sarah: No. He did. And he will love talking to you. Chill out. Everything is fine Mark: No, he should have called me first. What the fuck are you trying to do here? I didn’t talk to him on Christmas Eve, I didn’t talk to him on Christmas Day. I asked to talk to him and you call Rachel? You blocked him from me on both days. He’s only 10, you have the phone remember? What are you trying to do here? Mark: His birthday is on New Years Day, 2 hrs from now. Are you not going to let me say happy new year and happy birthday to him? This is important to me. I asked to talk to him earlier, you called Rachel. You ignored me Christmas Eve. You’re an asshole. **Wed, Jan 1 at 10:20 AM** Mark: When can I talk to Leo? This is getting ridiculous. **Wed, Jan 1 at 11:43 AM** Sarah: You are ridiculous. I’m grabbing a few things and we are headed to moms. He is going to call both you and your mom once we get there. Mark: Call me first. Stop your shit. How am I ridiculous? You’re the one that didn’t allow me to speak to him on Christmas Eve and New year’s Eve, Two years in a row now. You did that. **Wed, Jan 1 at 6:41 PM** Mark: What the hell Sarah? It’s 4:41pm? What the fuck! Sarah: Leo never called? I told him to call everybody and he said he did. Mark: He didn’t, why? Why did you expect a 10 year old to do that? Mark: You’re fucking kidding right? Mark: I want to talk to my son, why are you doing this? Why the hell are you blocking him from calling me? What are you doing? Sarah: I didn’t do anything. I gave him the phone. He was on it a long time Mark: I haven’t talked to him, so what are you doing. Are you crazy? He’s only 10. Why did you do that to me? It’s only 6:30, go get him then. Mark: Are you implying he doesn’t want to talk to me? Is that what’s going on? Sarah: No you are Mark: No, that’s what you’re doing to me. You’re implying you gave him the phone, why wouldn’t you have him call me. Stop blaming him. Mark: Where is he? Where is Carter? Sarah: Eating the ice cream cake Gary bought. Mark: I want to wish him happy birthday. Why are you preventing me. If you’re not, get him on the phone. Sarah: You’re acting like he has his own phone and decides, or gets to call who he wants, not true. Now you’re blaming him. Mark: You’re an asshole for doing this to me, robbing me of saying merry Christmas, happy new year, happy birthday. You deserve bad things to happen to you. **Thu, Jan 2 at 12:32 PM** Mark: Let me talk to my kids. **Fri, Jan 3 at 1:39 PM** Mark: Can you have Leo call me since you’re an asshole? Sarah: I’ll have him call you but we are about to leave. Stop calling me names. You’re 47 years old. And I told you to deal with him directly. No need to text me anymore Mark: He’s only 10, that’s not going to work. You’re 44 and block me from my own kids like that trailer trash shit from YouTube. For the record, you blocked me on Christmas Eve, with no provocation. Calls prior to that, things were going okay with you planning a visit to Michigan with the kids. Like the year prior, you got weird on Christmas Eve not allowing me to talk to the kids. I said okay, I’ll talk to them the following day. I tried and tried to get a hold of you and the kids. You then stopped responding again, I didn’t want a repeat of the year prior so I said where are the kids and said I would call the police. You then never contacted me for Christmas Day. Then Leo’s birthday was next on the list for you to block me. I tried and tried to get you to call me. You didn’t, you gave me a bullshit excuses via text. You managed to block me for New Year’s Eve, New Year’s Day, and Leo’s 10th birthday. I didn’t receive a call until the 2nd of January where you insulted me, created rumors about my family members and said I need to deal with Leo directly, who is a 10 year old boy. You’re crazy, what happened anyways, you indicated that you were lying to me over the last three weeks? That you had no intention on visiting and that you were faking it? I had a feeling once you got your dentures you would change and I was correct. Weird how you just know things like that. Sarah: That text is too long to read. Leo has a phone now. Text him Mark: I’m on the phone trying to figure something out and I can’t believe you, you’re evil. Sarah: You are. Why can’t you just stop acting this way? You cause all this. It shouldn’t be this way. Stop making up your own narrative. All you do is cause problems. It’s always a fight with you. Sarah: Leo called you by the way. You act like he doesn’t know how to use his phone. He’s 10 not 2. Mark: If I caused all of this. Which I didn’t. You control your kids because you’re the mother. Remember that. Why didn’t you call or have him call me on Christmas Eve? Sarah: I was only supposed to call Christmas Day. You threw a tantrum and made it turn out the way it did. Now your son has a phone. What is the problem now? Mark: There were no arrangements like that, you just ghosted me on Christmas Eve for no reason, the reason I said I would call the police on Christmas Day is because I was worried that you would repeat what you did to me last year, Which you ended up doing as well. Sarah: You are. Why can’t you just stop acting this way? You cause all this. It shouldn’t be this way. Stop making up your own narrative. All you do is cause problems. It’s always a fight with you. Mark: Stop lying and blocking me from talking to my boys. You caused this. Sarah: Nobody blocked you. Mark: You ghosted me on Christmas Eve. Why? Sarah: You are the only one causing a problem. Mark: Not why like I’ll care, just why did you do that? Sarah: [file] **Dec 23, 2024** **Jan 4 - Time unclear** Mark: You talked to the kids for nearly 2 hours on Christmas Eve Sarah: And I wasn’t supposed to call that day. Only Christmas were the kids supposed to call. I keep trying to keep things cool. You just keep trying to fight, you should try to stop being so controlling. Mark: That wasn’t Christmas Eve. Christmas Eve is a Federal/ National holiday and it’s on the 24th of December every year. Mark: Are you implying that you don’t know what day Christmas Eve is? Mark: And what is your excuse for new years eve? New years day? And Judes birthday on February 2nd? You don’t know what days those are either? **Mon, Jan 6 at 1:41 PM** Mark: Can I talk to Leo today please. Mark: Hello? Sarah: I’ll have him call you after school. Mark: What time? Sarah: I don’t know the exact time. I’m busy right now. I’m having AAA tow my car because I can’t change the tire. **Tue, Jan 7 at 11:53 AM** Mark: Thanks, can I talk to my son? Sarah: Thanks what? Mark: For blocking Leo again Sarah: Go away. I’m sick of the bullshit. Nobody blocked anyone. Why didn’t you call him? He had his phone all night. Mark: Read your texts, I’m never going away. Mark: I hate you Sarah: That’s nice **Wed, Jan 8 at 12:35 PM** Mark: When can I talk to Leo and Carter? **Wed, Jan 8 at 2:56 PM** Mark: Hello? Sarah: You hate me remember? Call Leo later if you want to talk to him Mark: Yes, I remember. What time **Thu, Jan 9 at 11:45 AM** Mark: Can I talk to Leo today? **Thu, Jan 9 at 4:11 PM** Mark: ? **Thu, Jan 9 at 5:16 PM** Mark: wtf? **Thu, Jan 9 at 7:59 PM** Mark: Say say, I'm trying to get a hold of Leo please Mark: Can I talk to Leo please? **Fri, Jan 10 at 8:54 AM** Sarah: Leo has been trying to call **Fri, Jan 10 at 3:36 PM** Mark: Can he call me when he gets out today after school? Sarah: Sure. He wanted to talk to you this morning. He had me wake him up early so he’d have time Mark: How would I know that? Please have him call me after school. **Fri, Jan 10 at 4:39 PM** Sarah: WE called you Mark: Please have him call me after school Sarah: I’m not sure when my car will be done at the shop. 2 of the lugs broke off the wheel. I can’t have the kids in it until it’s safe. So if I don’t get them from moms tonight I’ll have Leo call in the morning. Mark: Yea, believable. You’re a liar. Why wouldn’t you be with your kids? Sarah: [file] Mark: You can’t be with your kids because your tire 🔘 is bad? Can you hear yourself? Mark: Now you shouldn’t be with your kids because your car is getting repaired. Sarah: I had AAA tow it to the shop right here. 2 lugs were stripped and had to come off. Tired of having g to explain everything to you like a child. I might go to moms in a little bit. I might not. Either way, I’ll let you know. Mark: Either way, you’re always giving me an excuse. Read your own texts. You block me when you see fit. You lie to your family about me. Someday this will come back to bite you. You will look back and feel bad. But for now, oh well! Sarah: There is seriously something wrong with you. Always making a problem when there isn’t one. Mark: Look what you did to me over the holidays Sarah: You don’t do anything to help your kids. You just demand phone calls Sarah: You didn’t do anything for the holidays. Except cause problems Mark: I know. Keep putting me down. It’s all you have. Sarah: You don’t do anything for us. Just stir up shit. You never thank me for all I do for Leo and Carter. Mark: You and I were talking again. You threw it away. For what? **Mon, Jan 13 at 7:12 PM** Mark: Tell Leo he can call me anytime. Sarah: I will. We are in Mesa buying a ps5 controller and some clothes at goodwill **Thu, Jan 16 at 8:58 AM** Mark: I would like to talk to Leo today. Robert’t say okay and then not have him call me. **Thu, Jan 16 at 3:58 PM** Mark: ? **Fri, Jan 17 at 12:54 PM** Mark: Why do I always have to reach out to you? I’m getting extremely frustrated, when are you going to let me talk to my boys? Sarah: You just write stuff like this to make yourself feel better? Nobody knows what you are talking about. Mark: Can you have Leo call me. Sarah: No. And you know that. So why the act? Mark: What do you mean no? What act? I asked you to have him call me. Do you not understand what I’m asking you? Sarah: You know he’s at school. Why are you playing games. I don’t have time for this nonsense. Leo has an $75 overnight field trip coming up and needs $25 worth of supplies for it. Can you help? I would really appreciate it Mark: I want to talk to him after school, I know he’s at school. Stop playing games with me. I’m applying to companies, sending my resume out. I’m trying to get this under control. Have him call me when he gets out. I want to talk to Carter as well. **Sat, Jan 18 at 3:34 PM** Mark: When are you going to let me talk to my boys? Mark: Hello? **Wed, Jan 22 at 1:25 PM** Mark: I’ve been sick for the last week. Still not feeling 100. Can you please have Leo call me after school today? **Wed, Jan 22 at 4:20 PM** Mark: Can you respond? **Thu, Jan 23 at 9:54 AM** Mark: You’re preventing me from talking to my sons. Just like you did on Christmas Eve, Christmas Day, New Year’s Eve, New Year’s Day and Leo’s birthday. Sarah: You are one that hasn’t called. Leo will call you after school. **Fri, Jan 24 at 6:40 PM** Mark: Hey **Wed, Jan 29 at 9:36 AM** Mark: Hey. **Wed, Jan 29 at 10:46 AM** Mark: Hey Sarah: Hey? Mark: I try to text you and you don’t respond, I’m almost certain if I didn’t try to connect with you. You would simply disappear… Mark: Where do you disappear to all the time? I often wonder… Sarah: I can always depend on you for a good spar. Like an old nemesis or something Mark: That’s the lamest thing I’ve ever heard you say. Ugh. Sarah: You love it Mark: Ugh, no. But, like I said if i didn’t try to get a hold of you. You would easily just into the ether. You instantly want to frame us as nemesis? Sarah: Are we going to trade insults for the rest of our lives? Mark: Ugh, stop. Cringe. I just want to talk to Leo and Carter. You’ll lie and deceive me anyway. Sarah: Yeah you love it. Sarah: If you want to talk to Leo I just traded his watch for one with full cellular. He doesn’t need his phone anymore so that’s good Mark: No, I don’t like being lied to. But, I stayed with you for so long. So it was my choice. My mistake I guess. You traded a phone for a watch? Sarah: It added $15 a month to the bill though. No I traded a watch for a watch Sarah: He has his phone too Mark: Who’s paying the bill? Sarah: You right? Mark: You? Sarah: I was hoping you would. That cool? Sarah: Mine is $60 and Leo’s is $100 Mark: Uber eats still pays for part of it. I 🙋🏼‍♀️ Mark: Another reason not to believe anything you say. Just a month ago you were considering selling his phone. Now he’s got a watch too, with cellular. Hilarious. Sarah: Yeah I woke now. Before I was just living off family. Duh Sarah: Work Mark: Me, then my family, now your family. Sarah: You aren’t too bright for a smart guy Mark: It’s not like you have some great history of work or something. So stop with your nonsense. Sarah: You can’t make me feel bad. I’m not a bad person . I know the way of things. You just aren’t in a good place. It will get better. Sarah: I’m the mother of your kids. You’d think you wouldn’t work so hard to hate me Mark: This isn’t about making you feel bad, I can’t make a sociopath feel anything. I don’t do anything to you, I’m nearly 3000 miles away from you. I hate you for what you did to me and my family over the holidays. Sarah: Your mom and sister talked to kids and felt bd about what you did. Sarah: Bad Sarah: Sorry, Im playing the last of 2 on grounded and it’s so hard I want scream. It’s making me type sloppy Sarah: It’s too bad you can’t act rational. It’s so much better when we are getting along Mark: We were getting along until the holidays, we were even sorta talking about how important we are to our kids. You threw that away. You did another one of your 180 degree spin right before the holidays. You didn’t even know what day Christmas Eve was. What did I do? You’re the one that makes it impossible. You’ve created this persona that your this huge victim. You’ve been playing that card for years now. Sarah: You got drunk and was an asshole. That’s what really happened Mark: No, you didn’t call me on Christmas Eve like you were supposed to. I then thought you were going to prevent them from talking to me on Christmas Day, which I called you out for. I said I’ll call the police if I don’t hear from you. You then played some weird victim card. Got yourself a free hotel night for some reason. Then you prevented them from talking to me the rest of the holidays and Leo’s birthday. You’re a liar. Anyway, since what I say or think doesn’t matter. What time can I talk to both of them? I’m very sad you’ve decided to do this to our family. You’re really just hurting Ju Mark: Leo and Carter at the end of the day. They could have seen their dad, you made sure that wasn’t going to happen. But, you did get a free hotel stay right? Worth it I’m sure. Sarah: Is your family still mad at you or something? I’m guessing so because you keep trying to play the same narrative. Mark: No, you proved me right. You call so little and then ignored my calls and texts throughout the holidays and his birthday. What was your reasoning for that anyway? I’m just sad I can’t see my boys. I’m pretty sad I was with you for so long too. In hindsight, I wish I had known. Sarah: Keep hanging on to your anger. It’s all you have. You think by saying mean things that I can’t see the truth? Mark: Well, how should I feel? You lied to me, you acted like things could get better. You then told the boys and me we could see each other. You don’t know what day Christmas Eve is? Why did you get a hotel room? Victim melissa, I’m sure you were so afraid. Come on. In all honesty, I’m really sad for Leo and Carter. They are stuck with you and your morals. Which are considerably thin. Sarah: You sound like a baby. “I never liked you anyway!” That’s what you sound like Mark: Okay Sarah. You did the right thing. Sarah: I know Sarah: That’s what makes me sad though Mark: You know what? What did you possibly do that was right? Meanwhile, our boys can’t see their dad. Mark: You really believe this nonsense huh. Not your problem today, procrastination. I just hope they don’t resent you for all of this. Sarah: My kids love me. I give them everything. All my time, resources and love. Mark: Takes more than that. You should know that. Sarah: I forgot you are the expert. ‘Scuse me Mark: I didn’t grow up the way you did. Sarah: All of of good it did you Sarah: Plus you don’t really know how i grew up. It made me a good person. I still see people as redeemable and I still have hope. You just have your anger. Like an old friend. Plus your cigarettes. Mark: You’re just going to repeat what was done to you. You’re a lot like your mom. A good person blocks their kids from their dad? Lies about it? You lie so much you’re in denial. I am extremely worried about them. Look what you’re doing. Sarah: My mom left us when I was young. Sooooo, I don’t recall doing that to my kids. Nobody has blocked you. You are deranged Mark: Why didn’t you let Leo talk to me on Christmas Eve? Mark: Or Christmas Day? Mark: Or New Year’s Eve Sarah: Shut up about Christmas already. You did that. I’m done rehashing Mark: Or New Year’s Day Mark: Or Leo’s Birthday Mark: See, that’s the problem. I asked you a question. Why didn’t you let them talk to me on Christmas Eve? You did that, you’re trying to manipulate it like I did something. You created the problem, you then took it way out of control. Got a hotel room? Really? Then blocked me the rest of the time. Even Leo’s birthday. That was unthinkable. Poor dude. You don’t really care. Thinking you’re a good person and being one are two separate things. Sarah: You didn’t get Carter or Leo anything for Christmas. Nothing for his birthday. Look at yourself. I took care of everything Mark: Buying things isn’t everything. Another reason why I’m worried. Mark: You think your childhood would have been better if you got gifts? Sarah: Sorry you are so worried. I got gifts from both my parents. You know it’s horrible that you got them nothing and then try to act like I am the one with problems. I work, take care of both kids and make sure they are happy. You sit there and be so angry and depressed. Sounds like you should worry about yourself huh? Mark: You pay nothing for them. No child support. You don’t think they deserve that? Mark: I’m going to write this for the future: let’s be honest here. You’re lying to me. You can put me down all you want. Doesn’t matter, what does matter is to tell the boys they are going to see their dad and lying to them. I didn’t do anything to you. You didn’t let them call me on Christmas Eve. You did that. You went to the hotel. You did that. You are a victim remember. Mark: You’ve always been the victim. Mark: You basically move from one provider to the next, then call foul when things don’t go your way. You don’t care who you hurt in the process, including your own kids. Mark: You can’t even be honest about Christmas Eve. Karma is a bitch, seems like you would understand that by now. Sarah: You haven’t changed a bit. Same insults I heard you say to others too. It comes from within. You have this desire to hurt others. You won’t change. Very stubborn Sarah: You refused to be apart of Christmas. Your own fault Mark: Why didn’t you call on Christmas Eve? Can you be honest? Ever? Sarah: Playing this game on grounded mode is insane. They can hear me open my backpack for supplies and attack. Can’t make one mistake without dying. You are locked out knowing how many bullets you have and disabled listening mode too. You can’t switch difficulties either. You’d have to start over. Brutal! Sarah: Sorry that wasn’t for you. Sarah: I thought I was texting someone else Mark: Who? Sarah: Like you know anyone here. If I told you wouldn’t know who they were Mark: It’s not really important is it? Mark: Just curious who was paying your bills. Mark: I mean you don’t really think we think you pay for anything. Right? Mark: I’ll ask again, why did you lie to me? And why did you block me on Christmas Eve? I know you will never tell me. Mark: And look at how petty you are, you sent me a text that wasn’t for me? You’re an asshole. You know what you’re doing. This is why I’m worried about my kids. I’m extremely worried. Sarah: You think if text someone about a video game then they pay my bills? Weird Mark: Probably Sarah: I wish someone would pay my bills. At least your parents pay for your life Sarah: You are lucky Sarah: I wish I could sit around and do nothing. I’d be bored out of my mind though Mark: You did plenty of sitting around doing nothing when you were with me. Remember? Sarah: It’s been nice to be able to have the freedom to make my own choices these last few years Mark: I know, you’re a victim. Sarah: I really didn’t mean to text you that earlier. I hate that you think otherwise Mark: No, I know I made my own choices Mark: I understand that Mark: It’s not like you forced me to be with you. It’s my choice Mark: I wasn’t good to you, I didn’t do anything for you. I didn’t supply your home, cloths, cars, food, trips, phone, anything you wanted. You were such a prisoner. My god. Sarah: I just said I was there by my choice. Sarah: Dum dum Mark: You’re pretty horrible you know. Wasn’t I lucky. To think you’re with someone for that long. To find out they really didn’t care anyway. That in your own words you’re a survivor. That’s what I assume you’re doing now. You’ve moved on to the next provider, you told me that’s what you do. Mark: So, are you a good person? Do you really believe that? I do this to myself too by the way. I tear all the veils back and look into myself. I look inward. I don’t always like what I see, at least I’m honest about it. You can’t do that apparently. You’ve never done that, not with me at least. Sarah: What are you talking about? Who is providing for me now? I never said I used people if that’s what you are implying. You spent this whole day so far trying to attack my character. Why is that? What is your real problem? What are you so mad about? Mark: You, you’re an harmful, hateful, asshole. I’m sitting here wondering why I didn’t realize that sooner. Years of my life gone.l to a person that doesn’t remember anything. Will use you for money, (you’re a survivor!) You’re literally playing a game that I bought, taught you how to play, driving and complaining about a car I bought. Preventing my kids from talking to me over the holidays, then preventing me from saying happy birthday to Leo on his birthday. While you’re manipulating my family, blaming the holidays for the reason they can’t see the boys now. Do you not realize who you are! Mark: Look in a mirror, for the sake of our children, for me. **Fri, Jan 31 at 10:32 AM** Mark: I noticed something last nite we need to talk about. Let me know when you can chat. Robert’t ignore me. Sarah: What Sarah: Guess you are busy . I’ll have time tomorrow Sarah: Every time we “talk” it’s just an argument or you throwing insults at me. It’s never you being helpful in any way. **Mon, Feb 3 at 9:49 AM** Mark: Can you have Leo call me. I shouldn’t have to ask every time. You should have him call me. I’m sick of asking you every time. Mark: Please respond when I text you. Sarah: Sure. He’s got chess but he’ll be done afterwards. He’s going to call your mom for her birthday too Sarah: He has his own phone. You could call him you know Mark: I do, if I didn’t call. I would never hear from him again. I want to talk a see Carter too. Sarah: He’ll be there when Leo calls Sarah: We might be moving in with my mom. My lease is up so I’ll keep you posted. Mark: Why did you do this? Why did you do a 180 again? Why didn’t you have them call me on Christmas Eve? Why did you destroy us talking again? Was it on purpose? Was it because you’re lazy? Was it because you don’t know what days are? I don’t understand. Sarah: What the hell are you talking about Mark: Are you crazy? Sarah: It’s fucking February dude. Mark: And Sarah: I’m sick of you saying the same shit over and over Mark: I’m asking why you did that. Why did you think that was the right thing to do. Sarah: You did nothing for Christmas. Mark: You knew that, I’m broke. Why didn’t you have them call me on Christmas Eve. Sarah: That’s no excuse Sarah: Tell children that they don’t get any presents? Are you kidding Sarah: You put it all on me Sarah: I had to do it all! Sarah: You are so ungrateful and spiteful Mark: Ungrateful and Spiteful how Sarah? Do you even know what you’re saying? Are you just saying words at this point? You were going to come here, you and I were discussing that and giving Leo the computer. You told them both they were coming here. We talked up to the 22nd. Then, Christmas Eve and no contact, Christmas Day rolls around and I didn’t hear from you. Again, just like the holidays the prior year. I’m very uncomfortable, I’m worried about my boys. I’m worried about you. Who does that? Sarah: I was NEVER ok with that. You knew it. I told you to ship it. Where are the winter clothes you are supposed to send? It’s almost spring! Mark: Okay with what? Sarah: Getting the computer after Christmas Mark: The computer isn’t the problem here melissa. Sarah: You know what you are doing. Making problems where there aren’t any. Also, you seem to go out of your way to way to not be helpful. It’s so unfair. Mark: I’m asking you why you did the 180 Sarah: What 180? Mark: Seriously, are you reading my texts? I’ll explain it again if you’re being serious. Sarah: I just don’t know what you are implying. I’m sick of you acting like things are so bad. You don’t realize how you sound. Mark: I’m just asking you why you did that to us? I’m not saying we’re together. I’m asking why you pulled the 180 over the holidays. Why didn’t you call or answer on Christmas Eve? Sarah: Us? Mark: Us, our kids, my family. Sarah: What about your family? I’ve been talking to them. I believe that things are fine between us. Your mother and sister have talked to the kids and Leo contacted your mom for her birthday. I talked to them Christmas and I don’t know why are trying to include them when they told me they have their own opinions and don’t want to be involved when you try to say these things to me. Sarah: Your family is not “worried about the children “ as you claim. Mark: I didn’t say any of that, I’m not saying they were or are worried. I’m not sure what you’re talking about. Now it seems like you’re just going to dodging the question that I’ve asked 3x’s now. Sarah: You literally said you are worried about the kids and worried about me as well. I’m happy and healthy and am trying to make things better for me and the kids. I signed up Leo for karate. He starts on the 11th. 2 times a week. It’s for antibullying and if he likes it then he goes on to regular karate Mark: I’m not sure why you’re avoiding the question, I have guesses. It’s clear you don’t want to answer. Mark: Do you even know what’s going on? Sarah: What question? What the hell are you talking about? Sarah: I moved on because I don’t know what you are talking about Mark: Now I’m convinced you’re not reading or you’re not retaining information. Sarah: I’m playing last of us 2 on grounded. It does take my attention a little. I didn’t do anything to us. You did. Stop trying to dump it on me. Nobody is buying that. Sarah: You smoked crack and lost your mind. Everything that happened afterwards is a product of it. We are where we are now. Why blame me for it? Or anyone else for that matter? Mark: You introduced crack into my life, you showed me how to shoot up, and other people too. You told me that, you told me you felt bad because of it, The problem is your story doesn’t make sense. you’ve done this before, if I didn’t call i would never talk to them, and they act nice because of the kids. Again, Why didn’t you call on Christmas Eve? Sarah: You blame me for you smoking crack? Sarah: That nothing at all to do with me Sarah: How dare you blame me? Mark: I’m not saying it’s your fault. Just pointing it out. I had a major problem Mark: You took part in that. Sarah: I was never with you. You are liar! Mark: With me? Sarah: No I didn’t. I didn’t even want you to drink. I begged you to go to AA Mark: What are you talking about? Sarah: I left because you drank too much at first. You went to AA like 3 times and then quit Mark: No, you left because you wanted to. You didn’t have any money. Sarah: After me and the kids moved back. And then you quit AA and you went back to drinking Sarah: Then 2 years later you start smoking crack. You never would get better Mark: Your history is wrong. Sarah: We had to leave and come to Arizona Sarah: It was exactly 2 years. I switched Leo’s school from Melbourne remember? To Cocoa Beach Mark: You didn’t have to leave, you decided to leave. It’s your right, just don’t act like there aren’t two people in a relationship. Also, I was in a horrible spot. I left you then You left me behind. Mark: Just like I made poor choices, I’m not blaming everything on drugs. I’m honest about though. Sarah: Mark, I could not go to that apartment Sarah: You had children living in our couch. You can’t make this stuff up Mark: You did though, as a matter of fact we smoked together in that house remember? Mark: Did you forget? Sarah: A hooker and her kids! Sarah: I didn’t do anything with you. No drugs Mark: Yes you did. I was there and so were you. You can lie, but we both know the truth. The kids were in danger and she wasn’t a hooker. I feel bad only that I fell so hard. That I got so addicted so fast. That I was making poor decisions. Again, I’m honest about it. You’re trying to change history I guess. Sarah: You told me Sarah: She was a hooker Mark: No drugs? You’re an ex drug addict melissa. You’re still on methadone. Remember, you equated to being just like a diabetic. Sarah: Mark I haven’t done drugs in many years. I’m sober every day. I have been for a long time. Plus, since we’ve had kids I’ve dedicated my life to them. And you know to be true Mark: Stop it. You still smoke weed. You are still on probation for drinking and driving and you still use methadone. All of which are considered drugs. Mark: I swear don’t remember you being this stupid. Seriously… Mark: And after all that back and forth, you still haven’t answered my question. Why the 180? Why didn’t you call on Christmas Eve? You told the kids they were coming. You and I were discussing the details, we decided to give Leo the laptop. He would get it here so I could give it to him. Why did you do that? Mark: Are you really that kind of person now, reminds me of someone else. Sarah: You try so hard to paint me in a bad light. I’m paying off probation. That’s why I asked mom if I can not renew my lease. Plus you know I was under the limit. I showed you my blood report. I don’t smoke weed anymore. And yes I am allowed to smoke it. I just don’t want tar in my lungs anymore. Same reason I quit cigarettes. I am pretty proud of myself for quitting everything. You should be more supportive Mark: Are we having two separate conversations here? You keep answering things I’m not asking and adding conjecture. What are you doing here? You quit cigarettes, that’s great. Do you vape? Then you quit the way you intake nicotine. You’re still addicted. Jesus, what planet are you on? I’m not trying to paint you in any way. What blood report did I see? I don’t care if you smoke weed. That’s not a problem. I don’t care if you drink, just don’t drive with the kids. I’m asking you over and over why the 180 over the holidays? Are you okay? Sarah: I never said I wasn’t addicted to anything. I understand the concept of addiction quite well. I’m not letting it affect my children though. Sarah: You are speaking like we are in the same boat. I changed when we had children. You got worse Mark: You did let it affect your children when you drove with them in the car drinking. What are talking about? We’re past that, that’s over now. I’m not asking you about drugs, as a matter of fact you just keep going in this odd direction. Why are you avoiding the question? You sound like you don’t know what’s going on. **Mon, Feb 3 at 3:10 PM** Sarah: Odd direction? Makes no sense. As opposed to your life? You’d think you would be more supportive of me. Mark: Are you even reading your own texts? What is wrong with you, Sarah: I don’t know why you act like I’m doing something wrong. I’m not. I do all I can for our kids all the time. What is it you are so worried about? Mark: Why are you not answering me? **Wed, Feb 5 at 8:26 AM** Mark: I would like to talk to Leo and Carter today. Are you keeping up with the news? **Wed, Feb 5 at 10:02 AM** Mark: ? **Wed, Feb 5 at 11:59 AM** Sarah: Sure. Sarah: Can you tell me how to fix my texts messages? I have no way of knowing if someone has texted me. If I open the app, it’s empty like I have no message threads at all. I have to manually look at each one to see if anyone has texted me. The message app is empty unless I tell focus to turn off. But then it turns right back on again. Frustrating **Wed, Feb 5 at 1:34 PM** Mark: It sounds like your Focus Mode (likely “Do Not Disturb” or another Focus setting) is interfering with your Messages app. Here’s how to fix it: 1. Check Focus Mode Settings 1. Open Settings on your iPhone. 2. Tap Focus. 3. Check if a specific Focus Mode (like Do Not Disturb, Work, or Sleep) is turning on automatically. 4. If Focus is on, tap it and scroll to Focus Status → Turn Off “Share Across Devices” if enabled. 5. Tap Apps under “Allowed Notifications” and add Messages so it bypasses Focus. 2. Disable Focus Automation (if it keeps turning back on) 1. In Focus Settings, tap the Focus mode that’s activating (e.g., Do Not Disturb). 2. Scroll to “Turn On Automatically” → Disable any automations. 3. If there’s an automation (e.g., Time-based, Location-based), tap it and turn it off. 3. Reset Messages App Notifications 1. Go to Settings → Messages. 2. Tap Notifications and ensure: • Allow Notifications is ON. • Lock Screen, Notification Center, and Banners are enabled. • Sounds and Badges are ON. 3. Go to Settings → Notifications → Focus and ensure Messages is allowed. 4. Restart Your iPhone • Sometimes a simple restart can fix the issue. Hold the power button and volume button until Slide to Power Off appears, turn it off, and restart. 5. Check for Software Updates • Go to Settings → General **Wed, Feb 5 at 5:28 PM** Sarah: Did that already. I know it’s focus. It just turns back on all the time Mark: Have you been watching the news Sarah: No Mark: You should read what’s going on Sarah: Why? Mark: Trump, Musk, I’m not sure how I feel. Musk has control of the National Treasury. The whole system. Medicaid, Medicare, Social Security, federal welfare program payments, all of our federal employees, foreign governments, like 7 trillion in federal dollars, plus info on every American. Sarah: Nothing will happen Mark: Okay. Have you watched the news? Sarah: No **Fri, Feb 7 at 3:01 PM** Mark: [file] WATCH: House Democratic Women's Caucus holds news briefing criticizing freeze on federal funding youtu.be **Wed, Mar 5 at 10:00 AM** Mark: Hey, can you call me later? We should chat. **Thu, Mar 6 at 10:54 AM** Mark: Hello? **Thu, Mar 6 at 7:57 PM** Mark: Respond, melissa. I want to talk to the kids. Can you text me? **Sat, Mar 8 at 3:14 PM** Mark: Can you call me later? **Sun, Mar 9 at 12:06 PM** Mark: I’ve been trying to reach you since Wednesday. I haven’t been demanding. Can you please text me. Sarah: I don’t want to Mark: Why? Mark: Can you explain? I can’t read your mind. Sarah: You know why. Stop acting like your behavior is ok. It’s not **Thu, Mar 13 at 1:36 PM** Mark: I need you to contact me. Read **Sun, Mar 16 at 8:29 PM** Mark: Call me tomorrow please. I need to talk to my boys. Please don’t think you know what’s going on with me. You don’t know. I miss the boys terribly, if you don’t want to talk to me, I can’t make you. If I don’t call you, you then won’t call me. We are both acting fucked up. Thanks. **Mon, Mar 17 at 7:53 PM** Mark: Can you please contact me. I haven’t talked to Leo or Carter. I want to see and talk to both of them. Call me as soon as you can. **Tue, Mar 18 at 3:37 PM** Mark: Listen Sarah, I’m going to tell you I need to talk to my kids. You may think it’s not important that I talk to them. You may think a lot of things. I wouldn’t know because we don’t communicate. I can’t read your mind either. Over the past years it generally seems like you don’t think that it is important that I have a relationship with them. I’ve been trying to give you time and space lately. I haven’t demanded anything, contrary to your long standing reasoning. So no demands, I’ve just been texting you asking to talk to them. I have heard nothing from you. So, now I’m getting extremely frustrated, stressed, anxious, and day by day more angry. You claim you don’t like being told what to do. I’m not telling you what to do. However, I am telling you this. Fucking have my kids call me. Im trying to do things your way. Okay? **Tue, Mar 18 at 4:45 PM** Sarah: You are the one who stopped calling for over a month . Then you expect me to just answer when you call or text. **Tue, Mar 18 at 9:52 PM** Mark: Call me. I’m not writing anything on this. I miss them, I can’t explain anything in a few sentences. You never call me, just saying. I do believe it works both ways. I’m trying to be cool, not defensive or demanding. I just tried calling you, I pressed the call button, I’m attempting to make contact. Please return the phone call. Ball is in your court. Let’s talk. Mark: I wish you would just call back. I hate this, more than anything. Sarah: You hate what? Mark: And by the way, my dad’s brother passed away tonight. My uncle Alan. I don’t know if you remember him. My dad is acting like it doesn’t bother him. Ugh. Sucks. Sarah: The weren’t close **Fri, Mar 21 at 12:09 PM** Mark: Can you have Leo call me. I want to talk to Carter. **Fri, Mar 21 at 1:27 PM** Mark: Are you ever going to tell me what happened with you? You just checked out? **Mon, Mar 24 at 10:52 AM** Mark: Can you have Leo and Carter call me today please. Please have them call me. Sarah: Did your mom tell you she talked to them for a long time last night? Mark: No **Mon, Mar 24 at 8:22 PM** Mark: What have you been up to the last couple of months? I haven’t heard anything from you Mark: I can talk tomorrow, do you have time? Sarah: Sure Mark: K **Tue, Mar 25 at 4:41 PM** Mark: Call me back. Mark: You said you could chat. Text me. **Tue, Mar 25 at 7:30 PM** Mark: ? Mark: Now what your reason for not calling me back. I want to talk to Leo and Carter. Call me back. Sarah: You were busy yesterday. Now I am. I’ll call you tomorrow. We need to talk. Mark: Okay. Where’s Leo? My mom said she talked to him, I need to talk to him asap please. I haven’t been demanding. I’ve tried to be cool and respectful. I haven’t pressed you. I’m not telling you what to do, I haven’t said anything to you. Call me asap, text me if possible. **Wed, Mar 26 at 4:27 PM** Mark: Hey Mark: Can you respond please? **Wed, Mar 26 at 5:54 PM** Mark: Hey! **Wed, Mar 26 at 7:38 PM** Mark: Hello? Sarah: I’m at mom and Gary’s. They are getting ready to leave town. So Im busy right now Mark: When can I talk to Leo and Carter? **Tue, Apr 1 at 8:29 AM** Mark: So, I’m trying to give you space. I’m not being demanding or rushing you. The problem is, you never follow through on your promises. You said you’d get the PS5 and No Man’s Sky so Leo and I could play. But you never called or texted me. You don’t even bother to give me an update. I know you, Sarah. I understand you’re terrible at making commitments and calling people back. It’s not just a simple mistake that happens once in a while. It’s about my relationship with my son, and you do this to me all the time. I know you have issues with me too. We need to talk. I know we do. We need to have a conversation about our boys. At least I do. I’m far away, and I feel empty every day. I’m sad, depressed, lonely, and I miss my boys. It’s unimaginable how I got here. How my life has changed so fundamentally. How I’m not the same person anymore. I’m struggling to find a new path. I have an overwhelming desire to do something different, to change this situation. I hope you understand that this isn’t how I want things to be. This hurts and is embarrassing. So, please text me back. I’m not mad, per se. I’m upset about everything, including myself. Doesn’t mean I can’t have a good, healthy relationship with my boys, regardless of my situation. Text me or call me when you get this, please. **Wed, Apr 2 at 2:34 PM** Mark: Hey, hello? Mark: When are you going to call me? I want to talk to Carter and Leo. Text me back. Mark: Sarah? Mark: What are you trying to do here? Why won’t you text back? Hello? Sarah: Yes? Mark: Why aren’t you calling me back? Sarah: Calling? Sarah: I’m busy right now. Mom’s dog died while they were on vacation. It was very traumatic for me. I tried to save his life but couldn’t. I had to rush him to the hospital. It was the little dog. Buster. Remember the video Gary took of him with Leo when he was a baby? That dog. Mark: Sorry about that, when can you call me? Sarah: You know I’m rereading what you wrote yesterday and you blame me a lot. You notice that? Mark: Just pointing out your and my faults Sarah: Mostly mine you are saying Mark: That’s not true. Maybe you should read it with a less critical eye. I want to talk to the boys, you and I should talk soon. Sarah: At least you know your kids are taken care of. You have to anything. No financial support or anything Sarah: You don’t have to do anything Mark: I get your frustration, I’m trying to get out of this, I know you’re doing a lot. Sarah: You don’t even call or text any of us for 2 months and now you want a good relationship with your sons huh? How does that work? Mark: It was a month, you didn’t ask why. You just imagine that you know whats up with me. You just assume you know. You don’t think I know what’s going on? You don’t think I feel anything? Sarah: Ok. Why? Why didn’t you call? Mark: I’m not going to explain anything on chat. Sarah: Your mom told me nothing happened. You were living there the whole time Sarah: Nothing happened. You just didn’t call Sarah: And that’s fine Mark: You’re right, nothing happened. Mark: Can you call me now? Sarah: Since you don’t help us anyway. If your kids want something I have to make it happen. Not you. Mark: I know Sarah: Leo wants expensive things Sarah: He’s no cheap date let me tell you Mark: Yeah, I know. Can you call me? Sarah: No Mark: I don’t know. What does that mean? Sarah: I just can’t talk right now Mark: Okay. Mark: Can I talk to Carter? I miss him. Sarah: Chloe is coming over because of the dog. It was hers. It was a nightmare Sarah: On my watch. That’s what I hate Mark: I’m really sorry Sarah. Sarah: I rushed him to the hospital but he died anyway Mark: Life happens, nothing you could do. Mark: It sucks. Sarah: He was diabetic but the tested the sugar. It was perfect. Sarah: They* Mark: Sorry, cool dog. Sarah: I just hate to be the one that he died with Mark: Everyone know it was going to happen Mark: Knows Sarah: You should’ve seen me racing to hospital. I was speeding like crazy Sarah: They came racing out with a dog gurney Sarah: It was surreal Sarah: Rich people Mark: It doesn’t matter that you were there, that’s just what you feel. You were the one that was supposed to be thebe there, think about it that way. Sarah: I know. Gary would have died to see Buster like that Sarah: I did it. I carried him out. I was there when they euthanized him to witness it Sarah: That sucked Sarah: His tongue fell out and he pooped Sarah: I hated it Mark: Remember, everything happens for a reason. You were the best person to usher that little doggie into the next realm. Someone had to do it, not your mom, not Gary, you. That’s a big responsibility. Mark: Anyway, can I call Carter? Sarah: He is at school Mark: Not right this minute. Sarah: I’m surprising them with tickets to Minecraft movie coming out Friday. Were jut going to show up at the theater and watch it. Leo and Carter both love Minecraft so I know they’ll be happy Sarah: Just* Mark: You don’t realize how bad and how much this bothers me. Sarah: Why? Be glad I am taking care of them and their extracurricular activities Sarah: They cost a lot now. They want expensive things. They want to travel and do and see everything. Mark: I understand. **Thu, Apr 3 at 12:07 PM** Mark: When are you going to call me? Mark: Can you text me? Sarah: Yes, sorry I’m a little busy. I literally have half of dozen places to be until 7 pm. If you want to actually talk, tomorrow I’ll be available. Today is my day to take care of everything from groceries to doctors appointment so I’m running around. I have to pick up mom and Gary at airport too Mark: Okay, no worries. What time tomorrow? Sarah: I don’t know. How about in the morning? Or afternoon. **Thu, Apr 3 at 9:13 PM** Mark: Hey, can I talk to Carter? **Fri, Apr 4 at 2:32 PM** Mark: So, what’s the plan? Sarah: I’ll call you later. And we will talk. Sarah: Good? Mark: Fine, what time? **Fri, Apr 4 at 7:52 PM** Mark: Thanks. **Sat, Apr 5 at 7:41 AM** Mark: You need to get a hold of me asap. This is ridiculous, I haven’t seen or heard Carter, I miss him. I miss Leo. My life is horrible without them. You don’t feel that, I do. It’s so depressing I can’t think straight. Why did you tell me you were going to call me? You do this, this is you, you don’t care, or I’m guessing you don’t believe I should talk to them. I’ve been asking you for days. I thought if I didn’t push you, things would be better. It doesn’t matter or work. You’re a liar. You lie to me so much. What do you think is going to happen? Text me. **Sat, Apr 5 at 11:02 AM** Sarah: You know, I have been thinking about a lot about you. I don’t what to do. You are Leo and Carter’s father. They only get me for a mom and you for a dad. When you didn’t call for 2 months I can’t even imagine what Leo is thinking. You don’t help them in any way. So I worry about when you do that how it affects them. You don’t buy them anything or help us in any way. It’s not fair Mark: What the fuck, you have no clue what you’re talking about. You’re not going to use that as an excuse. You don’t understand anything, you are lucky to have them right now. You’re lucky to be with them. When are you going to stop fucking with me? When will you ever do what you say? Mark: Stop fucking saying bad father every time you forget to call, decide not to call, or whatever excuse you’ll give me. Sarah: You are insane. I knew you you were being fake nice to me. This is the real you. A bitter asshole. It should not have to be like this. I give everything I have to my children. I’m taking them to see Minecraft the movie today. I make sure they have everything they need and are happy. I spend all my time on them or for them. How about some gratitude? You know how hard it is. I know how lucky I am to be their mom every time I look at them. You just try to make our lives harder because you are mad. Stop blaming me for everything that is happening to you. We should be allies. Mark: Sarah, what the fuck are you talking about. You keep telling me you will call me, I’m not pressing you or anything. Fake nice, I was just being nice. Nice until you start doing what you always do, which is blame me because you can’t remember, or are just simply deciding not to call. Which you do all the time. Mark: When are you going to call? I want to see Carter. I want to talk to Carter, are you saying I have to commend you to talk to my kids? Sarah: You know I worry every time I talk to you if it’s going to be like before? You accuse me of a bunch of shit and twist my words around to fit your narrative. You act like it will be different this time. You keep acting like I don’t want the kids to talk to you. That’s not it at all. I want you to be in their life. I just want to know it’s not going to be like it’s been. It’s hard on all of us. So promise me that. Mark: Been like what exactly? What are you talking about? Why are you starting shit. You’re the one that didn’t call again. Stop with your excuses. Sarah: Mom , Gary, Brian and Yvonne are meeting me at the mall. So I’ll have to talk to you afterwards. I’ll have both kids with me so you can catch up. Sarah: Stop Mark: I want to talk to them both today, I want you to get that game setup for Leo. If you want to keep calling me what a loser. that’s fine too. I just want to talk to my kids. Sarah: The game is a whole different story Mark: Why? Sarah: The kids broke my brand new controller. Thank god I bought insurance on it. But now I have to mail it to Walmart insurance company. So I just bought another one while im waiting. No way am I going to let them use that one and break it too. They are too hard on the joystick and R2 buttons. It’s $85.00 or so each time I buy them because of the insurance. But I have to do it this way. I tried buying them used but people are just selling them broken as well. I wasted too much money and time driving around. So I was going to ask you and your sister and parents if you guys could help me buy a switch 2 for jude and Carter so they have something to play. I’m ordering a $20 controller this week once I have extra money to get one for the old switch. At least they’ll have something Sarah: [file] Nintendo Switch™ 2 System walmart.com Mark: Yes I’ll try to help you, I’ll sell my watch. Sarah: I spend everything I have on those boys. It’s just this is a lot. Leo wants a fast electric scooter, Carter wants a four wheeler. I feel bad that I can’t buy them every thing that they want. I want them to have all the things their Chandler friends have. Sarah: At least I can try to get them a switch I was thinking. **Mon, Apr 7 at 9:02 AM** Mark: Hello? Mark: So what are you doing now? You didn’t call on Saturday, or Sunday. It’s Monday now. What’s your new excuse? **Mon, Apr 7 at 10:27 AM** Mark: Sarah, what are you doing? Mark: I want to talk to my kids asap Mark: What do you want me to do? I need an answer asap. Sarah: You didn’t call me either. I’ll have Leo call after school. Is that too? I’ll tell him to call you Sarah: He will Mark: No! Stop! I wasn’t supposed to call you. What are you talking about? I want to talk Leo and Carter. Sarah: Good. I just told you Leo is calling you. What’s the problem? Sarah: I don’t even know what you are talking about Mark: wtf! Mark: Call me back. Sarah: Chill out Sarah: Everything is fine Mark: You can’t keep doing this, it’s not fine. You keep saying that I can talk to them, you’re lying to me. Mark: I want to talk to them right now, I heard them in the background, not my fault if you didn’t plan on it. I’ve been asking for weeks now. Mark: You’re going to act like you don’t know what I’m talking about? Sarah: Leo will have his phone at 430 Sarah: Call him yourself Mark: You’re not addressing the problem here. You keep saying you’re going to call. I need to talk to Carter. He’s available. Mark: Hello? Mark: You and I need to talk. ASAP. Mark: So you’re ignoring me now? How do I get a hold of you and my kids? If you’re not going to talk to me what do you expect me to do? Mark: I don’t believe you. I don’t believe you will produce Leo or Carter today. You keep saying you’re going to do things that you simply don’t do. You don’t want to fight with me, but you do this. I need to discuss things with you. Now more than ever. Are you ignoring me? Mark: Call me Sarah, don’t make this worse. Sarah: Are you ok? You are worrying me Sarah: Everything is fine and you are doing what you always do. Freak out over nothing. Chill out. Leo will call you after school. Carter will be with him. What else do you want?? Sarah: How come you never ask for pictures of them? Mark: Are you okay? You lied to me again this weekend. You know this and I can show you if you need me to. Do I need to spell it out for you? Things are not fine, I can’t get a hold of my boys. Also, don’t tell me to chill out. You and I need to discuss things. Sarah: You never called. Not for 2 days Mark: Please stop lying. I wasn’t supposed to. You told me you would call. You want things to be different, yet you still do this? Lie? And now try to shift the story as if you weren’t supposed to call? Why are you doing this? Sarah: You please stop lying Sarah: [file] Mark: How am I lying? Sarah: [file] Sarah: You didn’t call all weekend Sarah: You didn’t want to Sarah: Now it’s Monday morning and you want to talk Mark: I have no problem calling, I never know your schedule and you have the kids. I don’t. You told me on Friday you would call, you didn’t. You said you would call Saturday after the movie, you didn’t. Why not? Mark: So in order to talk to the boys, i have to call or guess? Why can’t you have them call me? I want to talk with Carter. Let me talk to him. **Mon, Apr 7 at 1:10 PM** Mark: Hello? **Mon, Apr 7 at 2:12 PM** Sarah: I don’t know your schedule either. Mark: I don’t have one. So you’re above all of this huh. You don’t think I should talk to the boys. You seem like you have nothing but excuses. We need to talk. Not on messenger. When can that happen. Needs to happen soon. Like today or tomorrow. **Mon, Apr 7 at 6:57 PM** Mark: Call me, things are cool for now. I don’t want to escalate. Sarah: Escalate? Hmm Sarah: To what? Mark: Hmmm, I’m only saying that because that’s what you want. Sarah: What do you want to escalate to? We can do child support hearings. I’m ok with that Mark: Sure, I’m not afraid of you. I will do what I need to do. I’m okay with whatever, say it. You want to start a problem? Mark: You want that? You want me to worry about you? You want me to think you’re coming after me? You want me to think you’re going to fuck me up? Mark: Sarah, stop being an asshole, you’re not the only person here. You get time with them. Are you saying I can’t talk to my kids? Seems that way, I still haven’t talked to Carter. I’ve asked you over and over, you keep lying to me. I want to talk to Carter. Sarah: I’ll call you once I have both kids Mark: We need to talk. Mark: Hello? Are you not paying attention? Mark: Sarah? Are you kidding me right now. You and I need to talk about our children. Seriously? Sarah: Why things important when you say they are? You didn’t call for weeks. Now it’s an emergency Mark: Right, you’re full of it. Dude, you haven’t even talked to me about anything. Now it’s a becoming a thing. I need to talk to them and you! No more excuses. That or obviously we have a problem? Sarah: Are you serious Mark: I want to talk to my kids, where is Carter. Not hard. Sarah: Robert’t be stupid Sarah: What is it that you are proposing to do to help your children? Phone calls right? Mark: Answer the phone? Where are the boys? You promised you wouldn’t act like this. Mark: I’m serious, answer. Sarah: I’m driving. Picking up Leo. Mark: Put your phone in Carter hands. Why can’t I talk to my sister n? Mark: Sons hand. Mark: Son Mark: Sorry, just pulled in. Mark: Why can’t I talk to Carter? Sarah: What Mark: Let me talk to Carter. Mark: What are you going to make up now? Sarah: No. You can talk to them together. I’m picking up Leo now. You think you can just order me around? What’s wrong with you? Mark: Yes, I can definitely show you’re not allowing me to talk to my boys. Even after, I’ve given you ample time to set this up. It’s not working. You keep lying and blocking. Enough. Sarah: Ok. Play games Sarah: Grow up Mark: No games, let me talk to Carter. Sarah: So you don’t want to talk to Leo Mark: If you making up new rules I guess! I’m asking, I’m not waiting anymore. We need to talk too, asap. Sarah: I don’t have to deal with this Mark: Deal with what melissa? Deal with what exactly? I’m telling you, I want to talk to my children. You’re making it difficult. Why? Sarah: I’m dealing with our children every single day. What are you dealing with? Nothing? Sarah: You have a lot of nerve Mark: This will be exactly my argument. I will show I’m asking over a period of time. No matter how many times I try to do this, you try to argue, avoid, right out lie to me. Mark: I don’t have any money melissa! Sarah: Why Mark: I’m sorry. Sarah: Why Mark: Get through your head Sarah: Why no money Mark: I don’t know. Mark: But, you’ve got the kids. I still am their father. Mark: Regardless of everything I deserve to have a relationship with both of them. Mark: This is going to far, what if. You couldn’t get a hold of your boys… Sarah: Stop Sarah: I’m driving Sarah: Give me 30 Mark: Let me talk to Carter please. Go without your shit for a minute. **Tuesday 1:01 PM** Mark: What time should I call today to talk the boys? Sarah: 4:00. That should be good **Tuesday 2:05 PM** Mark: Okay. **Tuesday 8:04 PM** Mark: Leo’s phone is off. I want to talk to Carter too. Mark: Hello! Mark: His phone is off, text me. Mark: Hello! **Wednesday 9:25 AM** Mark: Hey. You and I need to talk today. I’m being serious. Turn on the news, call me. Sarah: The news? Sarah: What are you talking about Mark: Have you been watching the news, at all? Sarah: No Sarah: Did something happen?? Sarah: All I heard about were tariffs and trade war Mark: Yea, china is what’s up. They are imposing a 84% tariff on all American products. I’ve never seen anything like this. We should talk. I think you and I should be on the same page. I wasn’t really worried until this morning. It’s getting really serious. I’m sure everybody and everything will be just fine. Sarah: I saw the 84 percent tariff Mark: Just watch the news, check your sites and whatever, let me know your thoughts. I want to see and talk to Carter. I want to say hi to Leo too. Can you have him call me this morning. Sarah: Didn’t Trump do a tariff for over 100 percent on China first? Leo told me about it. He knows more than I do. He keeps up on politics more than I do. Mark: Well, I think it’s extremely serious. Like put us into full on recession, possibly a depression, this is serious. When are you getting the boys up? We need to be careful not to scare Leo. I won’t say anything scary. It’s good that Leo is informed. I wouldn’t worry normally, it’s just this is insane and Trump seemingly isn’t going to stop. I don’t know. I think you should be informed at least. Thoughts? Sarah: It seems to me that someone would stop it before it got too bad. MIT put out a report that we will have a societal collapse in 2040. A 90 percent chance. Sarah: It’s called “Limits to growth “ Mark: Yea, and people are talking about a civil war. Seems to be getting worse. I don’t know. I think at this point we need to assume that Trump potentially won’t stop. Mark: So, can you have him call me? Are you going to call me? Sarah: Sure. Why didn’t you call at 4:00 yesterday? Leo and I were watching The Last of Us because season 2 is this weekend and we had both our phones. You called once at 5 but we gave up at 4:30 because I figured you weren’t calling. I’ll have him call as soon as i get him dressed Mark: And it’s not china. It’s the world melissa. Trump is literally throwing us into this mess, right or not. This could get really nasty. For everyone, it’s extremely dangerous. Sarah: You don’t think we’ll get out of it Mark: I don’t know. I mean something or someone needs to stop him. Maybe he will reverse things today or this week. He’ll say he won somehow, it won’t matter though. No one will really trust us after this. I hope I’m expressing how serious and dangerous this is. Wars have been started for less. I know I may sound stupid but this is very concerning. I think it’s Important that we talk. Sarah: Have you watched Civil War yet? A24 is one of my favorites. Mark: No, I’ve been watching common side effects. Sarah: What’s that Mark: HBO or (Max), it’s from Mike Judge. Mark: ? Mark: Hey **Wednesday 12:52 PM** Mark: Hello? **Wednesday 2:39 PM** Mark: What happened? Mark: Dude, you just told me you would call me back, now you won’t even text me back? Mark: Hello? Sarah: What? Call Leo at 4 he is waiting for your call Mark: You said you would call, I wanted to say hi to Carter. Trump just put a 90 day pause on all this crazy nonsense. I figured he would. Mark: Why can’t you call me, why do you do this? You told me you would call me back. I expect you to call me back. Mark: Come on. I’m trying to talk to you, do you not want to discuss anything? You said you wanted to talk. What is the plan here? Sarah: I’m figuring something out with my dad. I’m helping him sell art. I’m trying to get a photographer to his house in Costa Rica. His photos are shit and I need good ones. He wants a lot of money for his paintings and he wants me to set him up online and I’ll make commission on sales and if I can sell everything the asking price it’s a bonus. Plus we are going over questions for an interview of him so I have some thing to sell the stuff. I’m kind of excited about this. It’s a good learning opportunity for me. Mark: Great, how much longer? Sarah: Robert’t know. Stop being a douche Mark: Why are you calling me a douche? We need to talk. I’m not calling you names. Sarah: Just the way you act. Mark: How am I acting? I’m trying to talk to you. Sounds like you are projecting. You just called me a douche for what? Sarah: Grow up Mark. Stop making everything something Mark: Please stop acting like this. You’re just causing more problems. Mark: Seriously, stop doing this right here. You do this all the time. See below. 👇 👇 Mark: You say you will call, but you don’t call. I say, “Hey, why aren’t you calling me back?” Then you act like you don’t know what I’m talking about, and you don’t understand why I’m calling and texting. This causes problems. You never honor your word. At least when it comes to me. Mark: I’m not doing anything. I’m trying to hold you accountable. I expect my call. You said you would call me. I want you to do what you said you would do. Now you’re acting like I did something wrong? What? This has to stop. Today. If you have problems with me, let’s talk. Mark: Grow up? What the fuck are you talking about? Stop treating people this way. It’s bullshit. It’s rude and makes me angry. You wouldn’t want me to treat you that way. What the hell? Sarah: You should see how AI summarizes your texts Mark: Is it funny? Mark: Take a screenshot Mark: Are you going to call me? Sarah: I’ll just call once I get the kids so you can talk to them Mark: What are you talking about? Mark: You and I need to talk Sarah. When are you going to call me? Sarah: Talk? Why do I feel like it’s not about anything that helps me. Mark: You aren’t even talking to me? I have no idea what you’re talking about. Sarah: We talked for an hour this morning. That’s not true Mark: No that’s was hysterical, you driving, Carter yelling. Leo going to school. I literally said can we talk when you get home because it will be easier to talk. You said okay. What is your problem here? Why aren’t you being so difficult and rude. Sarah: Hysterical? Mark: Yea it was loud and confusing, you were in the car. You said you would call when you got home. Why aren’t you arguing and being difficult? Sarah: You were talking about to people in the background and not listening Mark: Listen, you and I need to talk. When are you going to call? You’re just being difficult now. I have no idea why you’re doing this. You just want to argue. Sarah: What do you want to talk about? Mark: Our kids, life. We need to talk. Stop. Sarah: You refuse to help me with our kids Sarah: Refuse! Sarah: No help in any way Mark: That’s not true. If you want to talk about it, I’m not doing that in chat. Sarah: Just phone calls and visits you want. Real fucking fair. Mark: Stop writing things, call me. Sarah: You don’t help us in any way. Why is that ok? Mark: Call me. I’m not doing this on here. Why don’t you call me so we can discuss. Again, I’ve asked you to call me. I’m not chatting about it in text. Things get lost in translation and loses context. Let’s talk. Damn. Mark: Do you want to talk? Can you put the video game down for a minute and call me? Mark: [file] See how China responded to Vance’s ‘Chinese peasants’ comment | CNN Politics cnn.com **Wednesday 7:18 PM** Mark: Call me, I’m trying to call you. Mark: I called you twice, hello? I want to talk to the boys. Mark: Come on, text me. What’s up? Mark: Leo’s phone is going right to voicemail. I’ve tried texting. Text me. What’s going on. Hello! Mark: Text me! Hello! Mark: Hello! What are you doing? Tell me what’s up! I don’t know what to do. I don’t like this. You’re not even responding. I don’t know what’s up. Where are my boys? Answer. What the hell is the plan here? Sarah: Sorry, give a me a minute. I’ll have Leo call you. We have to get groceries. Mark: Where are you guys? You said to call now. Mark: Okay, when. Mark: What’s up, what time. Can you tell me when please. Sarah: Your mom plans on coming here in July. Sarah: I feel like you are trying to show up here too. Is that a fair assumption? Sarah: Thoughts? Sarah: [file] Sarah: Carter with his electric scooter I got him for Christmas Mark: Can you call me. Sarah: What is it that you don’t want to tell me? Mark: What? What are you doing? Mark: What are you talking about? Sarah: What are you thinking when it comes to your mom coming here in July? I need a definitive answer Mark: She’s not coming there. Sarah: What? Mark: No, you need to call me. Sarah: Why? I want an answer from you first. Mark: What the hell dude. Where’s Leo? What is wrong with you? Sarah: Your mom wants to come here and you want to be here with her. Is that right? Sarah: I want you to answer me Mark: She’s not coming there dude. Sarah: Yes she is. She texted me Sarah: Early July through August Mark: No, that was a while ago, plans have changed. Can you please call me, what is your problem. Come on. This is odd. Sarah: She gave me a timeframe Mark: Nope, not happening. Sarah: No, I talked to her today Sarah: Changed the plan? Why? To what? Sarah: New plan? That’s what you are saying? Why are you throwing a wrench 🔧 in your parents plans? Mark: You didn’t talk to my mom today. Mark: Call me Sarah: I don’t know what you are trying to pull but I fail to see how this helps Leo or Carter. Mark: Why aren’t you calling me and why aren’t you letting me talk to my boys? Mark: You’re blocking me and acting weird. Sarah: You talked to them this morning. And trying to change the subject. Yes I talked to your mom today and not some other day Mark: It’s 7pm, I was supposed to talk to Leo at 4. You’re not doing what you said again. I have it in writing. Mark: I want to talk to my kids. What is the plan? Why are you doing this to me? Sarah: Stop. Why can’t you answer my question? It’s really bothering me. You don’t plan on coming here in. July? I need to know Mark: Call me! Mark: What do you think is going to happen, what do you want to know? Sarah: I want to know where you plan on being while they are here Mark: It’s getting late, I want to talk to my kids. Why are you holding me ransom. Why are you demanding things and forcing me to play your games? If I don’t play your games I can’t talk to my kids. This doesn’t look good. Also, the kids would be coming here. Sarah: Answer my question. Stop diverting Mark: What now? Mark: I’m not diverting, I’m not anything Sarah: Same question Mark: About what, are you reading my texts. Sarah: What are your plans while your parents are here Mark: Stop, I don’t want to communicate like this. It’s Annoying. They aren’t going there, plans have changed, we want the kids here. Mark: Hello, call me. What are you doing? Sarah: Stop. Answer me please Mark: Answer what? Mark: Dude, read. Mark: Stop messing with me. I’m serious stop. Sarah: What are your plans when your parents are here? Mark: They aren’t coming there, plans have changed. We want the kids here. That’s your answer. Stop fucking with me. Mark: Why are you acting like this? Mark: Let me talk to my sons. Mark: Hello! Mark: This is crazy, I don’t know what you’re doing except blocking my access to Leo a Carter. You’re doing that right now. I want to talk to my kids. Mark: I’m saying it over and over, you said at 4 pm. Now you’re messing with me, I have no idea what your problem is. What do you need. What is up? What’s the plan? Mark: I mean you’re just going to ignore me now? Hello, I want to talk to my kids. Call me or text. Have Leo call me, why are you being so cryptic? Why are you playing games. Mark: If you want to discuss something call me. This isn’t right what you’re doing right now. I want to the plan. Hello!!!!!!!!!! Mark: What is the plan. This is bullshit. Sarah: How am I supposed to be okay with that? I wish I could trust you people but I don’t. Not even a little bit Mark: Trust us what? What are you talking about. You’re out of hand Mark: Call me, a. I want to talk to Leo. B, if you want to talk, call me. Stop doing this, it’s messed up. Stop. Mark: I don’t want to text anymore. Call me Sarah. Mark: What do you mean you people? Sarah: No way in hell am I going to worry all summer what’s happening to my kids. You guys all smoke and you will smoke all over them in the house and car. And I’ll worry about you pulling some stunt like you did last year. These are my babies. I’m fiercely protective of them. I’ll do anything to keep them safe. They are my life. I literally live to take care of them. Why can’t you see that? Mark: I don’t know what you’re talking about. We squashed everything last summer, remember? We decided, you and I decided. You need to call me. This isn’t cool at all. What are you implying? Mark: What stunt? I need you to call me please. I need to the kids and you. Come on, this isn’t funny. Mark: Before you start writing, stop. We need to discuss this. Sarah: That bullshit last year. You literally said Leo told you stuff he didn’t. You accused me of abuse to my children. You lied about Kevin, lied about me and took me to court Mark: I was actually worried. I’m not anymore. We settled this out of court. Look at all the things you did. We squashed everything remember. I’m cool right now, I don’t want to be treated this way. You’re way out of line. I want to talk to you. Let’s talk. I need to talk to Leo and Carter too. What you’re doing right now is insane. Mark: I’m their dad melissa no matter what. Are you calling me scummy or something? We smoke cigarettes? You smoked most of your life. Stop. This is completely out of control. Call me dude it’s getting late. This isn’t right what you’re doing. Sarah: I’m talking to my dad Mark: Dude it’s my turn now. Not cool. Sarah: You are full of shit Mark: What are talking about? Sarah: Turn for what? Mark: To talk to my kids. Why are starting shit? Mark: I don’t have a problem. Are you trying to start one? Sarah: I just want you to be different. Actually care for once Mark: About money, yes I care. I hate that I don’t have a job. You don’t think I’m worried. I feel like the biggest fucking loser. It haunts me everyday. It’s overwhelming Mark: I feel sick to my stomach about it, not supporting them right now. It kills me and yes I’m very appreciative of you. I’m super happy you’ve got this under control right now. Mark: I mean that, I’m really glad you’re doing well, I’m really glad the kids have you. You’re a good mother. You’ve shown that. Hello? Mark: Can you talk about it? Can we talk about it like adults now? That what we decided we would do. Mark: Omg, text me back. This isn’t cool. Come on. Sarah: I really don’t know what to do about you Sarah: It’s a constant thought I have. Mark: What do you mean? You won’t talk to me. Can we talk? Mark: What is the reason you can’t pick up the phone and let Leo talk to me? Mark: Why can’t you pick up the phone? Why are you now not putting Leo on the phone, you’re blocking my kids again. Are you going to stop? 🍅 Sarah: You are my kids dad. You’ll always be a part of them. You look just like Carter. But you have no desire to really help them. They need things that cost money. You just want to act like that’s ok and pretend you’re something you aren’t. When are you going to grow up? Mark: Can we talk about this? Mark: You just keep writing things, call me. I want to talk my kids. Mark: I want to help my kids, that’s not true. I have every desire to help them. Not unlike I did for years, and make no mistake I took care of you too. For years. And years. Mark: I don’t think it’s okay and I’m not pretending anything. You need to grow up and discuss this with me or don’t. I still need to talk to the boys, I want to see Carter. It’s getting late and you’re just wasting time and screwing around. This isn’t right and you need to stop. What am I supposed to do with you? Why are you not discussing anything, you’re just putting me down. That doesn’t do anything! Mark: [file] Millions in Arizona urged to work from home search.app Sarah: Poor air quality has prompted officials to issue an ozone high pollution advisory for Pima County through Thursday. Source: Newsweek Shared via the Google app Mark: Dust storms? Sarah: No, cars Mark: Whoa Sarah: They are saying we should all stay home Mark: Wow, that’s not good. Sarah: Pollution Sarah: 5 million people in one spot Mark: Damn. Okay, I’m chill right now. Can we talk please? Mark: It’s important, what is Leo doing? Doesn’t he wonder why he’s not talking to me? Come on, I’ve been waiting this whole time. Literally waiting for you guys to call. Come on. Mark: Why do you keep text me? Where’s judster? Sarah: No, he didn’t ask me once. But he will if you call Mark: I did call, multiple times. Mark: I called his number Mark: His phone goes right to voicemail. That’s not true. Sarah: You get the kids all riled up after you call. They are children. They do not understand any of what has happened between us Mark: I’m not going to say anything, I just want to talk to Leo. Sarah: Do you ever think of that? The questions they have? What am I supposed to say? Mark: And talk to Carter too, I’ve been waiting since 4 Mark: Questions about what? Sarah: Everything! Mark: What are you talking about? Sarah: They don’t know why we don’t live in Florida. Mark: Do you want to talk then? Mark: I don’t want to text. Mark: I want to see Carter. I haven’t seen him. Seriously Sarah: Yes. But it never resolves any issues Mark: Not with that attitude Mark: Of course it won’t listen to yourself. Mark: Can you please put them on the phone. Come on, you and I can talk tomorrow okay? Mark: Hello? Mark: This is extremely rude, you told me 4pm, look how long it’s been. How do I talk to my kids? What are you doing? What is going on? Is there a reason you can’t talk? You told me 4pm. I made time. Now you’re doing this, for what reason? This isn’t good. Mark: I’m waiting Mark: Hello. Can I talk to Leo and Carter please? I guess just confirm you’re not going to honor what you said today. You told me you would call me when you got home, then you insisted it be at 4pm. Sarah this isn’t right. I want to talk to them. I don’t know what to do here. Mark: What am I supposed to think, now you’re just ignoring me, this is crazy. You don’t want me to what, look how you’re treating me right now! This is horrible what you’re doing. Mark: That was weird. Sarah: I’m feeding them pizza Sarah: I have them call you in just a minute Mark: Okay. I’m waiting Mark: The news is crazy, Trump may have done a global pump and dump. Sarah: You are going to have to wait until tomorrow. Carter just threw the whole pizza I bought on the floor. Leo has homework. I am not in the mood to talk. Mark: The fuck melissa. Fine. Not cool but I’m not in the mood to argue with you anymore. Can you call in the morning? Can we talk tomorrow morning. I need to get this over with. It’s stressful. It’s depressing. Sarah: I’m so pissed off right now that I don’t want to talk. I need to think. Mark: Sorry about the pizza. Why did Carter do that? **Thursday 10:36 AM** Mark: Hey, how’s it going? Mark: Can you please give me a call. Mark: Can I say hi to Leo? Mark: Can you text me please? Mark: Can you respond please? I’m trying to get a hold of you. Mark: I tried to call you. Hello? Mark: HELLO Sarah: I’m working. Mark: Oh, I didn’t know. You didn’t tell me that. What time are you off? Sarah: Hopefully 11 but I doubt Jason will show up to replace me for lunch. I need the money anyway. I’ll give you a heads up once I’m close to leaving Mark: Ok, great. Hope your day is going well. Sarah: Thanks, appreciate it **Thursday 2:16 PM** Mark: Hey, I’m around. Let me know if you’re done. Thanks. **Thursday 5:37 PM** Mark: Hey Mark: What’s up, can you text me? Can I call you at 4? Mark: I want to talk to the boys. Mark: I realized you’re at work right now. Sorry about that. Can you call me when you get out please? Sarah: I can’t right now. Stop being so demanding. You do this a lot. I had to go to urgent care because I had heartburn so bad today after work. I’m not sure if I’m going to mom’s tonight to get the kids or not. My throat is killing me and it feels like there is something stuck in it. The doctor says he thinks I have GERD. Like I need another health issue to deal with. Ugh. Anyways, Leo is with my mom and Gary. He has a ton of homework to do. I’m trying to take care of everything and I feel like you don’t understand the stress I’m under. I’m trying to start this business with my dad. I gotta make enough to give the boys the things they want. Kids are expensive. Mark: Okay, I’m sorry you’re feeling bad. I do understand melissa. I’m on your side. Glad you’re figuring out your dad thing. When do you want to talk? We need to talk. I also want to talk to the boys. You need to tell me when. Mark: Sarah, I’m not being demanding btw. I’ve been trying to go slow. Day after day, you come up with excuses why I can’t talk to my boys. I’ll take your word. What is your plan here. We need to talk, I need to get an answer from you. Mark: Leo’s phone isn’t on. I can’t call him. Mark: I’m not able to call him because you won’t make that possible. You won’t talk to your parents. You can talk to my parents. Sarah: Mom always takes his phone and watch. She never lets him watch YouTube. Plus her and Gary gotta help with the homework. But you don’t listen Mark: Listen to what, you won’t answer the phone. Mark: I don’t know what’s going on! Sarah: Nothing. Stop doing this shit. You don’t call for along time and now everything is dire right? I just told you what they are doing. So stop. Be nicer to me. Why are you always an annoyance instead of an asset? How does acting this way help? **Thursday 9:40 PM** Mark: When can you and I talk? **Friday 11:11 AM** Mark: Hey. Can we talk today. I’ve got a doctors appointment at 1:30pm. I’m done after that. **Friday 1:30 PM** Mark: Hello? Sarah: Doctors? You ok? Mark: Yeah, I’m good. **Friday 4:13 PM** Mark: Talk? Mark: Hey, can we talk? What are you doing? Mark: Hello? Can I talk to my boys please? or are you going to block me again for another day? I want to talk to our boys. Sarah: Sure, you can talk to them Mark: When? When can you talk? Mark: I need to get things figured out. We should talk. Mark: Hello? Mark: Come on. Mark: Hello. Are you not going to communicate? Just say so so I can move forward with the next step please. Mark: You’re not answering, I’m now concerned for my children. I can’t get an answer out of you. This is the third day now. Everything is in writing. Where are my boys? Why won’t you answer the phone, like the judge said? I wonder, because you don’t want me to talk to the kids? Mark: This behavior needs to stop. I’m asking you not telling. Are you refusing to talk to me? And are you refusing to give me adequate time with my sons? Mark: Do you have the 5 to 7 grand to get this going in court? Do you want to drag your sons into another mess? What are you doing here besides blocking me from talking to my kids? **Friday 7:58 PM** Sarah: You gotta stop jeff. You are so inconsistent it’s ridiculous. You don’t call and then start calling again and demanding to talk to them. I’m busy a lot with the kids. If you want adequate time and want to be a part of their lives then make scheduled calls the same time every week. And you need to help financially too. You don’t even send them grifts or anything. What is that you want to do? I’m trying to be understanding. But I need you to be understanding too. Leo left his phone at mom’s house. So I’m picking it up tonight or in the morning. Your mom sent a package for Easter and it’s there. Leo is calling your family FaceTime tomorrow. **Friday 10:36 PM** Mark: Stop what? Stop blocking my children from me. Now we’re on day 4 going on day 5. I want to talk to my sons. You’re blocking me. How many more days do I have to wait? Mark: 5 days gone. Mark: How many more days are you going to make me wait? Day 6, 7, 8, now we’re on a 1/2 month. Call me immediately. Like tomorrow, you’re actively blocking me again. I want to talk to my sons. I can’t be more clear. I want to talk to my kids please. **Saturday 10:44 AM** Mark: Can I talk to my boys. Mark: Can you call me, how many times do I have to ask you? Mark: Hello? Sarah: It’s 8:30 in the morning. Stop doing this shit. I told you Leo will call you and your mom when he gets his phone later. Mark: I’m not around my mom today. That won’t work. Sarah: I didn’t mean at the same time. He can call both of you. **Saturday 3:39 PM** Mark: What time are you going to call? Sarah: I wish Leo didn’t leave his phone at my mom’s. I told you Leo would call you. I don’t know what time. I have to work for my dad all weekend. It’s a lot. You keep stressing me out instead of helping me. He’s calling your mom in a little while. Mark: No, he needs to call me first. I want to talk to Carter too. Sarah: Why would he have to call you first? He hasn’t talked to them over a week. Mark: When are you planning to pick up his phone? Are you not doing that now? I’ve been asking you over and over to let me talk to my sons. When are you going to make that happen? You want me to schedule time, so what time are they calling? Mark: Also, what does working for your dad have to do with me talking to my kids, why do you always have these excuses? Let me know what time please. Sarah: You just expect me to worry about you calling when I am busy. I don’t have time to worry about your phone calls. You already talked to them this week. I’m supposed to give up my phone all the time for you? Stop everything I’m doing? Why? Mark: What are you doing? Let me talk to my kids. I barely talked to Leo, I got to talk to Carter for literally a second. Stop everything your doing, after all you excuses this week, reason after reason, now I can’t talk to them because your dad has some artwork for you to what? Post online? Yes, stop what you’re doing and let me talk to my kids. I’m starting to think you’re doing this on purpose. Something is up. Mark: Seriously. What the f is wrong with you. Now you’re literally blocking me. Your reason is Leo doesn’t have his phone (doesn’t matter, use your phone) you are posting your dads photos online to facebook (also, doesn’t matter) you’re getting out of hand, I’m getting nervous now with your deception, you obviously not wanting the kids to talk to me the other day, (your little pizza trip proved that to me, you told me you have to feed the kids. You told me you would have Leo call me back, you lied.) you need to call me. Sarah: I’m not posting anything for my dad Mark: I don’t care, none of the reasons you gave me are acceptable. I’ve been trying to get a hold of you and the boys. For the last three weeks, I wasn’t being demanding, I was slow and nice. Doesn’t matter, you seem to enjoy blocking me, I think I know what’s going on. I’ll have to look into it now. Regardless, you’ve pulled this shit before, nothing new. I need you to tell me what time I can talk to my boys. Sarah: He has me doing something else. It has to done by Monday morning. If you weren’t such an butthead, I’d ask you for help because I’m having to teach myself as I go. You really are starting to annoy me. I don’t have time to argue with you. Mark: Ask me for help, you don’t talk to me? What are you talking about. What time, I don’t care what you’re doing. It doesn’t stop my boys from calling me. Mark: There’s a reason you’re not letting me talk to them. I’m assuming it’s because you don’t want me to know something, is someone at your apartment? That was the reason before. I don’t care what bullshit you’ve got going on. Let me talk to my kids. Sarah: I can’t talk to you. You are being angry and demanding. I’m trying to figure something out. Texting you is making me stop what I’m doing. Sarah: Why would it matter if someone was at my apartment? Mark: I want to know when I can talk to my kids, you won’t give me an answer. Hurry up. Sarah: Why are you so mean to me all the time? I don’t deserve this. Mark: Blocking me from talking to my kids. You rushed me off again. I’ll get to the bottom of this. I’ll figure out why you’re being so deceptive again. Robert’t you ever threaten me like that again. Sarah: It’s because you are controlling and awful to me. I can’t stand it Sarah: You make me want to hang up when you yell. I don’t want them to see us fighting. We both have to stop it Mark: This is all you Sarah, I’ve been taking a lot of notes. I’m not doing shit to you. I don’t even live there, I haven’t seen my boys since last summer, now you’re acting like I need to get a court order. What the fuck. Sarah: If you are wanting them to come out there why the hell are you acting like this? Mark: Stop your shit, you’re doing this. You know that. Stop with your parenting bullshit, you don’t even let them talk to me. You know what you’re doing, stop before it gets bad. You’re creating the problem here, and I suggest you start letting me talk to them. Seriously. For someone that doesn’t want drama, you sure seem like it. You better have them call my mom too like you said you would. I don’t know why you’re lying again. But stop. Sarah: I guess once Leo gets his phone tomorrow we will see how that goes. Nobody else is mean to me or has a problem but you. Robert’t you think we should be better to each other? Mark: No one is being mean to you, you’re fake. Robert’t block them from me. **Yesterday 12:00 PM** Mark: Hey, what’s up. Sarah: Still working this shit out for dad. I keep trying to uploads his passport and it says ‘file too large’ so I make it smaller and it says ‘can’t read file’ What the fuck! Mark: How are you making it smaller? You’re not telling me this because you’re not planning on calling me today, right? Mark: Send it to me, I’ll figure it out if you want me to. Sarah: I can’t. It’s all dad’s logins. He’d kill me. He is starting a business account with eBay and Etsy. They want bank accounts and credit cards and all this proof of identity. It’s a huge pain. And that’s why he’s having me do it all Sarah: I taught both kids how to use the air fryer. (It’s safe) and they just made mini corn dogs. Anyways, we will be going to moms in a few hours and Leo will call you. They did FaceTime with your family last night. Talked for about an hour. Leo kept walking from room to room to avoid Carter because they fight over the phone. Sarah: [file] Sarah: [file] Sarah: [file] Sarah: Carter in his lazyboy Mark: You just need to upload a passport right? I could send you back the passport, Nevermind. Why would I need his login? You don’t make any sense. What time are you going to call? Sarah: Probably around 4 Sarah: [file] Sarah: Help me then Mark: You just make Sarah: Huh? Sarah: Make it smaller but still good quality Mark: What format Mark: Is it a website? Sarah: It’s eBay Sarah: And Etsy Sarah: For his profile Mark: [file] Death Stranding Live-Action Movie Has Its Director - IGN search.app Michael Sarnoski, director of A Quiet Place: Day One, is reportedly set to write and direct the live-action adaptation of Kojima Productions' Death Stranding. Source: IGN Shared via the Google app Sarah: Everyone wants a piece of ‘the Last of Us’ pie Mark: Try this: Mark: [file] Google Drive: Sign-in drive.google.com **Yesterday 6:36 PM** Mark: Did that work? And what time are you going to call? Sarah: I’m going to moms shortly. Mark: Thanks, did you upload the passport! Mark: I meant ? Sarah: No, I didn’t Sarah: How do I do it? Sarah: The google drive? Mark: Download it to files on your phone Sarah: It sent a request. I never heard back. It’s weird. Or Im stupid. Mark: Request? Sarah: It asks for request of access Sarah: I’ll screenshot. Hold on Mark: Aren’t you just uploading it? Sarah: [file] Mark: You should have a google drive account Sarah: It’s says at the bottom that I’m already signed in. See it? Mark: Try this: Mark: [file] Google Drive: Sign-in drive.google.com Sarah: Yes, I have it. Thanks Mark: Cool, please remember we need to talk as well. **Yesterday 9:16 PM** Mark: Hey, what’s up? Mark: What time are you calling? Mark: This is why I get nervous, 3 hrs ago you said you were going to your moms. What’s up? What’s the plan? Sarah: Sorry, Tyler is having his son. Everyone is freaking out. I might have to go to brandi and watch all the kids so they can stay at hospital. You know how Tyler is. It’s his first kid. I’ll keep you posted. Leo is excited. Mark: You’ve already done this one. You did this same exact thing with Chloe. What time is Leo calling me. Where is his phone. Put him in another room. Have him call me. I’m not waiting anymore. Mark: None of this has anything to do with me talking to Leo or Carter. You’re supposed to call, my mom is expecting you to call. You’re going to have to make time and or you should have called earlier. This is the third time in a row. You need to communicate with me, I need to talk to you, I need to talk to my kids. This can turn bad, don’t do that to everyone. Mark: Hello? Sarah: I’m just busy right now. Mark: I want you to know and understand, I’m keeping track of this behavior. You’re doing this over and over. Eventually you will have done it so many times it could be illegal. It’s 6:39. I need a time. I’m not waiting any longer. You had all day. No more excuses. Sarah this is going to get really serious. Mark: You are required to let me talk to my kids. I shouldn’t have to say this. Again you’re causing problems. You’re doing this over and over again. This needs to stop. I need to talk to them, I need to see Carter. Call me. Mark: I don’t know where my kids are, the way you’ve been acting is odd. You’re causing me to feel this way. I’m telling you you’re making me feel this way. I don’t want to feel this way. I don’t want to escalate this but I will if needed. What is the plan for tonight! Sarah: Stop acting like this. This is important. I’m sure you’ll see his baby in Facebook soon. What the hell is wrong with you? Mark: I don’t care about his baby, I don’t even use facebook. I’m not part of their family, stop using them as an excuse. Sarah I’m going to escalate if you don’t tell me when you’re going to call tonight. I have a feeling you have no plans to call us. This is not acceptable. Sarah: Stop acting like I’m lying about him having a baby. No one thinks you care. Mark: Is Leo in the delivery room with him, is Carter delivering the baby? We’re not saying you’re lying about the baby? But something is wrong. Why can’t Leo talk on the phone, Why can’t Leo talk while you’re watching them. What time are you going to call. This is ridiculous, where are the boys at? I want to talk to them. Hurry up. It’s 7 now. You’re wasting my time, you want scheduled calls and you said tonight. I can clearly show how you’re manipulating us. Sarah: You sound retarded. Really? Mark: Nice, now you’re insulting me for what? Because you said you’re going to call? Because this is the 3rd time in a row. They are my kids too. What time are you going to call? You need to make time. Tonight. Mark: And no, I don’t know where my kids are. Where are they? Mark: Why aren’t they calling, where’s Leo’s phone. That was the reason I couldn’t talk to him on Friday and Saturday. Where is it? Sarah: You want to go to court? Is that what you want? Mark: You obviously want a problem. You won’t let me talk to my kids. Sarah: Chloe doesn’t even want me to text you until tomorrow. You are making me be rude to my family by arguing with you. Mark: I don’t care, I don’t care if you didn’t tell her you do this to us over and over. You made plans with us tonight. You need to keep your word. Again, Chloe isn’t in charge melissa. Chloe isn’t related to me. Why are you bringing her up? Where’s Leo’s phone at. When are they going to call? Why are you doing this to me. I helped you with your dad today. What the fuck are you doing? Do you not think I miss them. Get them on the phone before I have to escalate this situation. Mark: I can’t do this with you anymore, I have to figure something out. Mark: Why are you texting my mom now? Mark: Why are you doing this to us? Mark: My mom and I just talked. You’re out of line. I want to talk to my kids. Why are you lying to us? Why are you threatening court? You’re not letting me talk to my kids. You’re actively blocking the kids from talking to me. Mark: I guess you’re not adult enough to handle your kids and me. So you want to go to court then? Mark: I need to know. I need to handle this. Mark: You can explain to the judge how you’re not an adult. How just like all the other scum balls you want to drag your kids through lengthy court battles. How you need an authority figure to tell you what to do, because you’re not capable. Sarah: I’m calling your mom tomorrow to talk to her about everything. Are you going to be there? You should Mark: That’s what you want? You want to further the divide between us, you want your kids in the court system. You want to deal with lawyers, you want that extra headache. Sarah: No, I want to talk to you all and we all say how we feel and try to go from there. Mark: Why are you calling her? We are the parents. Mark: The grand parents don’t have rights. I do, you do. What are you talking about? Sarah: Because it’s there house Mark: And? Sarah: They are the only once’s who can afford to do anything Mark: And? Sarah: You can pay for plane tickets or any of the other shit. Sarah: Stop being silly Sarah: We should all talk like adults Mark: What’s your point, we have it figured out. Mark: We are paying for everything Mark: So what are you talking about? Mark: So do you want me to call your mom? Doesn’t she pay for everything? **Today 12:05 PM** Mark: Hey Mark: Are you going to call? We’re waiting for you. I want to talk to Carter too. Mark: Sarah? Sarah: Working. Call when I’m done. Want to talk to your mom and you. **Today 3:49 PM** Mark: Just so you know, were waiting for you. Mark: You’re such a low life, you’re doing everything you said you would never do. You just hung up on us. They are not just your kids. I want to know where they are. Where is Carter? Put them on the phone, call us or I’m calling the police. Sarah: Carter is in school. So is Leo. Mark: I don’t know that. Mark: I’m assuming you’re lying to me, you’re also trying to manipulate the kids against me and actively blocking them from seeing me. Blocking parenting time. You can’t hold the kids ransom for child support. Sarah: So you are going to start harassing me? Your mom just FaceTimed the kids for an hour on Sunday Sarah: I love my kids and always take good care of them. It isn’t about child support. I just want it legal. We can make an agreement. My offer still stands. I’ll even do it without child support. For now. Let’s print out the agreement and a judge will sign it. Cool? Mark: I’m the dad. I haven’t talked to them. And no I’m not counting the 5 min you let me talk to Leo and Carter, you blocked me all weekend from talking to them, now you’re threatening court for what? The Judge told you to act accordingly. Now you’re going to bring up all the stuff from last summer, I haven’t seen them since last summer. You’re a mean and spitful person, just like your mother. Leo and Carter will be really disappointed in you someday for acting this way Sarah: Read my last text Mark: Why? You need a judge to tell you what to do? Sarah: Just do it Mark: Just do what? Mark: I don’t care as long as it’s 50/50. I don’t understand why you want the goverment involved like that. You’re not an adult. Sarah: Look, I don’t like Leo’s or court orders either. Just do this so I have piece of mind. It protects you too. Sleep on it. Please? Mark: Sarah, what do you think is going to happen? I’m not waiting any longer to talk to my kids, you’re completely out of line, You just said all you needed to say to my mom to prove you’re not a good person. You’ve literally become everything you told me you wouldn’t do. You’re fake and you lie all the time. Sarah: They are at school. Mark: I want to talk to my kids. You lied to us last year, you lied to the judge, you lied to me, you lied to your kids. You’re not so great. Blocking me like this, Threatening court, It’s been a year. You promised you wouldn’t do this. Remember you and I decided to drop the case. Remember, I have it all in writing. Sarah: THEY ARE AT SCHOOL Mark: Btw, your actions right now say a lot about who you are. You’re putting yourself first, you’re selfish, You’re hurting your kids, you’re blocking me again, this won’t be good for you. Karma is a bitch Mark: Who stays at your apartment? Mark: Have you had any guests over the last six months? Mark: Where are you getting your money? How much do you have? Why would you want all that, not intelligent and for what? Because of what? Sarah: It’s just you Mark . Something is wrong with you where you just want to hurt me. I’m trying to be civil and you want revenge Mark: You’re saying my kids can’t see me, you’ve had them all year, you and I decided last year how this would work, Now you’re acting stupid. And no, my sister, mom and dad are involved, she was listening to you as well. Mark: How am I going to hurt you, you hurt our kids and me when you block them from talking or seeing me. Sarah: You said you would sign it if it’s 59/50? Mark: I don’t want a court involved, I’m an adult. I’m 47 years old. I don’t need a court. Maybe you need the court involved to tell you what is right. At the end of the day your reversing our agreement. For literally no reason. All of these issues your bringing up were dealt with last summer when we were in court. The court is going to be very interested in why you decided to to have a change of heart a year later. They will also be interested in why you block the children from talking to their dad. I hope you know how negative this is for you specifically. I will say I have no idea why you’re doing this. You just showed us on the phone you can’t act like an adult. If you don’;t get your way you have a fit. Mark: And btw, what you’re implying is very insulting. I don’t know why you would do this to not only our kids but to the kids family. Grow up. Mark: Meanwhile, I haven’t seen Carter. I barely have talked to Leo. You hung up on us, you creating this Sarah. You are doing this. This problem is 100% on you and any of the collateral damage you cause now. Mark: Ms. Miller's pattern of conduct appears to constitute a consistent denial of access. Mark: Ms. Miller's documented behavior could significantly impact the Court's assessment under A.R.S. § 25- Mark: Courts strongly disfavor parents who interfere with the other parent's relationship with the child. Mark: Where are my kids? Mark: Hello? Mark: When can I talk to my kids, you blocked me all weekend, It’s Monday now. How long are you going to do this? Delivered
<|TASK|>
Based on this massive private text conversation between two individuals navigating a complex separation, reconstruct the timeline of their disputes. Specifically, identify the turning point where the communication shifted from logistical planning to overt hostility, and cite the exact date and topic that triggered this breakdown.

